I know. It’s all wrong. By rights we shouldn’t even be here. But we are. It’s like in the great stories,Mr. Frodo. The ones that really mattered. Full of darkness and danger, they were. And sometimes you didn’t want to know the end. Because how could the end be happy? How could the world go back to the way it was when so much bad had happened? But in the end, it’s only a passing thing, this shadow. Even darkness must pass. A new day will come. And when the sun shines it will shine out the clearer. Those were the stories that stayed with you. That meant something, even if you were too small to understand why. But I think, Mr. Frodo, I do understand. I know now. Folk in those stories had lots of chances of turning back, only they didn’t. They kept going. Because they were holding on to something.
I have cherished the ideal of a democratic and free society in which all persons live together in harmony and with equal opportunities. It is an ideal which I hope to live for and to achieve. But if needs be, it is an ideal for which I am prepared to die.
There’s a stack of freshly made waffles in the middle of the forest! Don’t you find that a wee bit suspicious?
This is the part where you run away.
Enter, stranger, but take heedOf what awaits the sin of greed,For those who take, but do not earn,Must pay most dearly in their turn,So if you seek beneath our floorsA treasure that was never yours,Thief, you have been warned, bewareOf finding more than treasure there
Keep your eyes open, Fireheart. Keep your ears pricked. Keep looking behind you. Because one day I'll find you, and then you'll be crowfood.
Enemies of the Heir, beware! You'll be next, Mudbloods!
He summoned you into the circle, Scott. For whatever reason, I don't know. But now you've left, you've become a loose thread. He won't sit back with the possibility you might cause his whole world to unravel around him.
Things never go wrong at the moment you expect them to. When you're completely relaxed, oblivious to any potential dangers, that's when bad things happen.
A proud man is always looking down on things and people; and, of course, as long as you are looking down, you cannot see something that is above you.

Samwise Gamgee 
Nelson Mandela
Donkey
Shrek 
J.K. Rowling
Erin Hunter
J.K. Rowling
R.D. Ronald
C.K. Kelly Martin
C.S. Lewis

quote at the end of the movie
quote I'm prepared to die
Shrek movie
quote warning
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
Forest of Secrets
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
The Elephant Tree
I Know It's Over
Mere Christianity

"I have cherished the ideal of a democratic and free society in which all persons live together in harmony and with equal opportunities. It is an ideal which I hope to live for and to achieve. But if needs be, it is an ideal for which I am prepared to die.","Nelson Mandela","I'm prepared to die"
"There’s a stack of freshly made waffles in the middle of the forest! Don’t you find that a wee bit suspicious?","Donkey","Shrek movie"
"This is the part where you run away.","Shrek","warning"
"Enter, stranger, but take heedOf what awaits the sin of greed,For those who take, but do not earn,Must pay most dearly in their turn,So if you seek beneath our floorsA treasure that was never yours,Thief, you have been warned, bewareOf finding more than treasure there","J.K. Rowling","Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone"
"Keep your eyes open, Fireheart. Keep your ears pricked. Keep looking behind you. Because one day I'll find you, and then you'll be crowfood.","Erin Hunter","Forest of Secrets"
"Enemies of the Heir, beware! You'll be next, Mudbloods!","J.K. Rowling","Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets"
"He summoned you into the circle, Scott. For whatever reason, I don't know. But now you've left, you've become a loose thread. He won't sit back with the possibility you might cause his whole world to unravel around him.","R.D. Ronald","The Elephant Tree"
"Things never go wrong at the moment you expect them to. When you're completely relaxed, oblivious to any potential dangers, that's when bad things happen.","C.K. Kelly Martin","I Know It's Over"
"A proud man is always looking down on things and people; and, of course, as long as you are looking down, you cannot see something that is above you.","C.S. Lewis","Mere Christianity"
